[MAINTENANCE] small documentation updates (#7606)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs_rtd/guides/how_to_guides/miscellaneous/how_to_add_and_test_a_new_sqlalchemydataset_class.rst

   This guide is a working checklist. We improve it each time we add support for a new SQL dialect, but it still has rough edges. And adding support for a new database will probably never be a cookie-cutter operation.

>    If you're interested in extending Great Expectations in this way, please reach out on `Slack <greatexpectations.io/slack>`__ in the ``#contributing`` channel, and we'll work with you to get there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you're interested in extending Great Expectations in this way, submit a request on the `Slack <greatexpectations.io/slack>`__  ``#contributing`` channel, and a member of our team will work with you to create a solution.
```
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/231240803-220e1c69-4ff9-4f8e-86da-77910d7057bf.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/231241128-98e4bffa-bba9-4c94-b1fd-385935ae0d8e.png)
